# Session 8

Need to make an Emblem for Hooded man  - symbol - 

Mr Scampers asked to look into the body —- his vision seen below: 

You see blip and flashes of a memory - a band of orcs, goblins, half-orcs, some dwarves siting around a fire, enjoying life...mercenaries?

Next scene is a message from a known source for a job, bring your best, so you gathe ryour trusted and closest friends, your brothers in arms you have served together since you were children

you meet a Human...a human knight? a SERFIE?! Why are we talking to this filthy scum? His face is...terrifying, a smile that seems like it goes to far? Is this what they are doing on the surface?

flashing lights - you chose not to take the job, and when you come back to your camp everyone is slaughtered - you are told you will do this job, you will do it for the Smiling Knight, or your family is next....

Cannonball ate —- Grayling. A very plain looking gray mushroom. Causes vision to turn black and white for, gives advantage on perception of movement.

Nat 20 to figure out the exploded mine 

Theyt made it to Broken Tusk Stronghold, an outpost of the Broken Tusk Empire - they met with Grulfang Ironeye, leader. a Massive, 8ft tall Orc who saw to them and, after favorable conversation opened up his hall. The party learned many things, of which that Grulfang and Drogon go back many years - that there is a solid, long-term relationship. Meat and alcohol was shared - - - a fight was had in a 1v1 with Iblith and Grulfang as well as Ibith and Cannonball. Though each fight was quick, the Orc Chief was happy to have someone to battle. They were given rooms at hte local Broken Tusk Inn and the session was ended.  

The group also discovered that the saphire earring that was given to them early on is cursed, something melevolent that they are seeing more and more of.